Add guide to migrate from wicked to NM (#4992)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: en/modules/administration/pages/troubleshooting/tshoot-wicked-to-networkmanager.adoc

 
Before starting:
 
* Ensure you have out-of-band console access to the system (for example, the serial console provided by your cloud platform or hypervisor).
This is your recovery path if the network does not come back correctly after the reboot.
* Confirm the {productname} container is running and healthy:
+
----
sudo podman ps
----
* Record the current IP address and routing table on the host.
You will verify these are unchanged after the migration:
+
----
ip addr show eth0
ip route show
----
 
 
== Migration Procedure
 
=== Step 1: Take a Snapshot
 
Create a snapshot before making any changes.
This is your rollback point if something goes wrong.
 
----
sudo snapper create -d "Pre-NetworkManager-Migration"
----
 
Note the snapshot number from the output.
You will need it if you need to roll back.
 
----
sudo snapper list
----
 
 
=== Step 2: Apply Changes in a Transactional Shell
 
Open a transactional update shell.
All changes made here are staged atomically and only take effect after the reboot in Step 3.
 
----
sudo transactional-update shell
----
 
Inside the shell, install NetworkManager:
 
----
zypper in NetworkManager
----
 
Confirm with [literal]``y`` when prompted.

> NetworkManager and its dependencies are installed from the SL Micro-6.1tig ma repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetworkManager and its dependencies are installed from the SL Micro-6.1 repositories.
```
